feat: Add Cassette resource API (#521)
blutui/dev.blutui.com: src/pages/api-reference/console/cassettes/remove.md

---
title: 'Remove Cassette'

> description: 'Remove a Cassette in your agency.'

Author: ```suggestion
description: 'Remove a Cassette from a project your agency.'
```
